MY PROFILE

Personnel Information
My name is Yuqing Wu.But everyone calls me Oliver,the reason I use it named myself is because the protagonist of an American drama that I was obsessed with called Oliver,Oliver Queen from ¡®Arrow¡¯£¬a typical drama about individual heroes.However he does not have some special skills like superman or spider man and I think that is why I was obsessed with him..Furthermore,this name has good meaning.My student number is s3808626 and I have a private e-mail(459027125@qq.com) except RMIT student e-mail.

I am 100% Chinese and I am proud of my country. I live in Guangdong province which is in the south part of China so I can speak three different languages, Mandarin, Cantonese as well as English because Cantonese is the local dialect of Guangdong. Due to the reason that the city I live is close to some famous cities in the world such as ShenZhen and HongKong, my English ability has also been exercised. Meanwhile my parents believe it will have a lot benefit influences on me if I can study aboard not only master English or acquire knowledge but also practice my social skills like taking care of myself and socialize with strangers. Thus I am planning to come to Australia to study. China is well known as a country with a long history and it has made a great contribution to the world culture. For example the Great Wall, the Imperial Palace, Terra-Cotta Warriors. Some traditional festivals as well, the Spring Festival, Mid-Autumn Festival. Every traditional festival has its own story handed down from generation to generation. Actually China is a diverse and tolerant country,but she still has her own unique charm. 

As for me, I am crazy about basketball. I like the sound that teammates celebrate when we win the game, the sound of basketball hitting the net, the magnificent dribble. I believe that is where my passion comes from. Music is also an indispensable part of my life. I think music is another way for people to share life and describe their mood.The most interesting thing is I am used to listen to music while I was sleeping.Its like the white noise clams me down.I also love movies very much. I think each movie is the director¡¯s own understanding of the world.The process of watching a movie is like understanding other people¡¯s thinking to discover different ideas and beliefs.





Interest in IT 
What is your interest in IT? 
When I am asked what is my interest in IT, the first thing come to my mind is all kinds of cutting-edge technologies related to IT that help us to get to know the world we live in. Those technologies that can convenient our life or even make our world a better place. In 2019, scientists had taken the world's first picture of a black hole through computer technology which has huge implications for astronomy. According to the information on the internet, to get this picture requires advanced computer data processing mode to break through the margin of optical imaging.Simply put, it is to use a computer to analyze the data to form an image that people can't see with the eye.This is closely related to the development of Information Technology. In recent years, doctors invented a technique called targeted therapy. It is possible to program the nanobots to bring the drug to a designated location such as tumor,which represents an increase in the cure rate of cancer.There are many examples that prove that Information Technology makes our lives better.And the breakthrough of various Information Technologies to make people¡¯s lives better is what I¡¯m really interested in.

When did your interest in IT start? Was there a particular event or person that sparked your interest? 
I think I was really interested in Information Technology after I watched the movie ¡®I, Robot¡¯. I was only 15 years old at that time, and it is difficult for me to imagine that a computer can control thousands of robots and robots can generate emotions like humans. In fact, I was particularly interested in The Three Principles of Robotics mentioned in the movie because I don¡¯t know how robots follow these rules.After watching the movie, I had too many questions, so I started to discuss with my classmates, but because it was too small, many problems could not be solved, so I would find the answer on the Internet or ask the teacher.

Why did you choose to come to RMIT? 
I found that the cultural heritage of this country is very similar to my personality. Australia is a enthusiastic, open and inclusive country.And I am extremely interested in this school of RMIT, I am studying Computer Science and Technology and RMIT school is ranked high. As far as I know,students in this school tend to have higher employment rate all over the world. Moreover, the school's geographical location is very good. In the process of studying, I can feel the cultural heritage and charm of Melbourne city.

What do you expect to learn during your studies? 
(1)what will the future development of IT?
(2)The latest information technology and how to achieve it;
(3)The composition of information technology and its role;
(4)Analysis of information technology appearing in movies;
(5)What is the ultimate in information technology

Ideal Job
Advertisement
1.Algorithm Engineer
 


https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV18E411x7Aw?p=3

2.Algorithm engineers use algorithms to solve problems. Different algorithms may be used to solve different problems. Algorithm engineers need to write the most efficient algorithm to solve the problem. Algorithm engineers can combine with artificial intelligence to make the deep learning of artificial intelligence more efficient. The most important thing is that artificial intelligence will be the future development direction of information technology. And the average salary of an algorithm engineer is higher than other occupations.

3.Algorithm engineers need certain programming skills, need to understand machine learning theory, need to understand statistics and probability.Learn data mining knowledge and have a good mathematical foundation, need to be familiar with matlab development tools.

4.Now I think my mathematics skills are relatively good, but I need to continue to exercise, and also master some basic matlab operations. I have practiced algorithms before and have a certain interest in algorithms. But becoming an algorithm engineer is still a difficult process.

5.I think first I have to learn the basics of statistics and probability and keep practicing to deepen my impression. At the same time, I need to start with some simple algorithms and try to write some algorithms such as hash sorting in the programming language I am good at. On this basis Try to use some other programming languages to write some simple algorithms such as python. After basic proficiency in the basic algorithms of a certain programming language, I begin to understand and learn the knowledge of machine deep learning. In the process of learning and practicing the code, refer to the code of others, find out the difference between yourself and others after comparison, and summarize the best way to write the code.

Personal Profile 
? The results of an online Myers-Briggs test;
ENTP: The Visionary

ENTP is one of the 16 different personality types identified by the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator. People with this personality type are often described as innovative, clever, and expressive. 

ENTPs are also known for be idea-oriented, which is why this personality type has been described as ¡°the innovator,¡± ¡°the visionary,¡± and ¡°the explorer.¡± However, as perceivers, ENTPs are less interested in the here-and-now details than they are in generating ideas and theories. Because of this, they sometimes tend to come up with one idea after another without actually going forward with plans and actions to bring their creative notions into fruition.

¡°Inventors are usually non-conformists in the workplace, and can succeed in many areas as long as the job does not involve too much humdrum routine,¡± explains Keirsey.
? The results of an online learning style test;
Based on your responses, you are primarily a(n):

Visual learner.

If you are an VISUAL learner, you may wish to find out more about what you can do to maximize your learning potential.


What do the results of these tests mean for you? 
I think this test result is an analysis of my own. This result tells me a general character and the advantages that this character can give me. Even told me about some occupations that suit my character. This will enable me to have some reference materials in choosing jobs in the future. Being able to choose a career that suits my personality, I believe this will be of great help to my career. But I think this kind of test is still very one-sided, it can't fully tell a person's personality characteristics, it can only be used as a reference. Because I think everyone¡¯s personality is completely different. You can¡¯t just pass two or three tests to determine a certain person¡¯s personality. Everyone makes different choices under different pressures and different environments. , So the test results this time are only a rough reference, but they can also help us make key decisions at certain specific times.

How do you think these results may influence your behaviour in a team? 
I think the test results may not have much impact on my behavior in the team. Because as I said just now, everyone¡¯s personality is completely different, especially in different stress states and environments. This test result can only give a rough description, but we can analyze our own according to the test result. Which behaviors and behaviors are beneficial to the entire team, and which behaviors and behaviors may be detrimental to the team. We need to correct some unfavorable behaviors and insist on strong behaviors. In this way, we can maximize the efficiency of the entire team and make the working atmosphere better.

How should you take this into account when forming a team? 
In my opinion, this test result may only serve as a reference for my selection of players. I will use this reference material, but will not treat it as a thing that can determine whether this player is needed. I have always emphasized that everyone's personality is completely different. I think that only after a period of time with this player can I be sure if he is the player I want to work with. But at the beginning, I will refer to this information and focus on his personal character. Because I think people with bad personality can't do too much work, and it may cause the relationship between team members to deteriorate and further reduce our work efficiency. And this situation is not our original intention to set up a team, so in general, this test result has a certain effect when recruiting players at the beginning, because this result will be my first impression of this player.

Project Idea 
Overview
I hope to be able to develop an application that mainly serves people who love competitive sports. This application is mainly composed of three major functions, namely the daily team exercise function, the competitive event function and the personal exercise auxiliary function. In the first function, users can find users with the same hobbies to exercise together by posting notifications on the app. At the same time, users can also release some small-scale sports competition information through the competitive event function to attract people to participate. After the game is over, the winner will get extra points in the ranking mode, and users with higher ranking levels will get more rewards. The last function can help users provide some summary data and analysis when exercising alone, analyze their own shortcomings, and improve the efficiency of personal technical improvement.
Motivation 
Nowadays, people pay more and more attention to their quality of life and physical fitness, so people often exercise themselves through sports activities. However, people may not be able to find friends who exercise together. For some reasons, they have to exercise or practice alone. I think it is very slow for people to improve their own skills. It is better to go to actual combat training instead of just talking about it. And my hometown of Dongguan is also known as the city of sports. People like to relax themselves through exercise after a boring day of work. Especially basketball and badminton are loved by people of all ages.I once did a survey, and out of 1,000 questionnaires, 42% of people hope to exercise with others and hope to meet more like-minded friends through exercise. 39% of people hope to exercise their abilities and improve their skills by participating in competitive sports events. The proportion of people who like to exercise more is 15%.In general, I think this program can be used by many people in their daily lives, especially when users want to exercise. Moreover, users can also improve their abilities through personal training functions instead of blindly training.
Description
the daily team exercise function
Users will hope to find friends in the community who want to exercise together first through this feature. The system switches users to choose the exercise they want to perform, the length of exercise time, and detailed sports venues such as local courts or gyms. After filling in the information, it will be published on the community. At the same time, the system will push the recruitment information to users who have the same hobbies and are within a specified distance from the sports venue. The distance can be set by the user. If other users are interested in agreeing to the recruitment request, the system will send more detailed information and addresses to the user's personal center.Of course, if the appointment is canceled, there will be certain penalties for it, for example, the personal evaluation score will be reduced, and the number of times that other users can be invited to exercise is limited. After the exercise, the system will send an evaluation form to both users to evaluate both parties and a record of their exercise status. This record will be recorded in the personal center so that users can compare and record their physical fitness changes. Users can also share their exercise feelings to the community server, and can also see other people's exercise results. At the same time, some users can also use this function to make online appointments for coaches with more professional experience.

the competitive event function
If some users want to exercise their sports skills through some actual combat, they can use this function.If some users want to exercise their sports skills through some actual combat, they can use this function. First of all, this application will record many sports venues, such as basketball courts and football fields, and display the reservation information of the venues in the application in real time. After the user selects the corresponding sports, the user will jump to the venue details interface. In this interface, users can choose a venue that suits them by making an appointment. In some team sports, there will be two competition modes for users to choose, casual and professional. In the professional mode, users need to choose the position and skills they are good at. For example, after choosing the professional basketball game mode, the user will need to choose the position they are good at, and the invitation link will be sent to the remaining users with good positions. . After the game is over, the user will enter the result of the game or even his personal score into the application, and the system will give the user grade points through the algorithm.The higher the user's points level, the higher the level of points the user can match to teammates or opponents with similar points level, which will make the whole game relatively fairer.

personal exercise auxiliary function
But if users still want to be able to practice on their own, this application can also provide corresponding technical support. The application can record the user's movement posture through the camera, and compare it with the professional standard posture or the posture that the user wants to learn, so that the user can more intuitively see the shortcomings of his posture and the actions that need to be corrected. In basketball, the application will recognize the basketball trajectory and determine whether the shot is scored or the dribbling is smooth. At the same time, the user can also select some training courses included in the application. During training, the application will use the camera Capture the image and analyze whether the action is completed as standard. And save the result to the personal center.

Tools and Technologies
First of all, we need a computer with programming software such as Visual Studio, Python, JAVA, and database. VS allows us to make the web page of our app and implement the filtering function and an interactive interface that attracts users. Through JAVA, we can realize the function similar to the communication platform with the community, users can share exercise knowledge, add friends, etc. on this platform. The database allows us to store data, the user's personal information (favorite sports, skills, height, etc.), the open appointment time of the sports venue, and the exercise data of each user for each exercise. We can use Python or JAVA database statements to find out all these specific information to display on the application. Finally, we need artificial intelligence technology to identify the venue, sports posture, etc. for analysis.

Skills Required
I think that if you develop this application, you need to be familiar with JAVA statements to implement functions, such as personal messages in the community. At the same time, it is necessary to design a good-looking web page background through Visual Studio, and complete the process of screening in the web page. Also, you must be familiar with database statements to complete the addition, modification, and deletion of information, such as the creation of new user accounts and the correction of user information. The above programming systems can be downloaded on their official websites. The artificial intelligence system needs to understand it by itself to find hardware that can accurately capture and analyze actions and objects.

Outcome 
This software allows people to find friends who exercise together and feel the joy of exercise. The way of team exercise exercises not only the body, but also our social skills. The ability to hold small competitions allows more people to exercise their abilities through actual combat. I believe that in actual combat, our personal abilities are improved more rapidly, and the existence of a ranking system allows people to maintain stronger Ambition. The setting of the professional game mode can exercise the cooperation ability of everyone in the team sports. As the level continues to increase, the opponents we encounter will be stronger. The personal assistance training mode makes people no longer aimlessly training alone, but through the analysis of the action posture and data to give a suggestion that needs to be changed. In general, this app solves the idea of most people who want to team up for sports. The community platform allows us to reach more friends with the same hobbies. Daily sharing allows users to see the efforts of others and even Learn some exercise knowledge through the sharing of others.